Java math cbrt entry (#1202)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/math-methods/terms/cbrt/cbrt.md

---
Title: '.cbrt()' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed
Description: 'Returns the cubed root of a double-type value.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Documentation'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Numbers'

> CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first

Reviewer: Let's remove these comments within the metadata~ They only exist in the templates as clarification

  - 'learn-java'
  - 'path/computer-science'
---

> The **`Math.cbrt()`** method returns the cubed root of a double value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`Math.cbrt()`** method returns the cubed root of a `double` value.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.cbrt(double num)
```

> The `Math.cbrt()` method will return the cube root of `num`. The value of `num` can be any real number. Edge cases for the `.cbrt()` function include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.cbrt()` method will return the cube root of `num`. The value of `num` can be any real number. Edge cases for this method include:

```

> - If the argument is `NaN`, then `.cbrt()` will return `NaN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the argument is `NaN`, the return value will be `NaN`.
```

> - If the argument is ±infinity, then `.cbrt()` will return ±infinity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the argument is ±infinity, the return value will be ±infinity.
```

## Example

> Here is an example of the `Math.cbrt()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example using the `Math.cbrt()` method:
```

```java
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        double a = 27.0;

>         System.out.println( "Math.cbrt("+a") returns: " + Math.cbrt(a) );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        System.out.println("Math.cbrt("+a") returns: " + Math.cbrt(a));
```

        double b = -8.0;

>         System.out.println( "Math.cbrt("+b") returns: " + Math.cbrt(b) );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        System.out.println("Math.cbrt("+b") returns: " + Math.cbrt(b));
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
